# CalendarCPP
This program implements the use of functions to create the gregorian calendar for a given month and year and saves the calendar within a text file that is named after the month and year.

This pogram is designed to take user inputs for a month and year, and creates a file with the calendar for that month and year, where the text file follows the format "month-year.txt". The porgram includes the following C++ files: iostream for inputting and outputting, iomanip for formatting the calendar, cstring in order to create strings that will serve as the file name, and fstream that serves as the output for the file's contents. Instead of using prototypes, I coded the function definitions before main. These functions inclide getDaysInMonth, getDaysOfTheWeek, and printCalendar. Starting with getDaysInMonth, the function's parameters stores the month and year inside variables "month" and "year" respectively. Using a switch case for the month values, if the month is equal to 4,6,9, or 11, the function returns 30 since there are 30 days in that month. If the month is equal to 2, the case returns either 28 or 29 which depends on a formula for computing if the current year is a leap year. Should the month value not fall under the first two cases, it is given the default case value of 31 and returns that value. The next function is getDaysOfTheWeek which has parameters for the day that you want to find, the month, and the year. The function mainly focuses on the computational aspects of the forula for finding the numerical value of the first day of the month. For example, if the function returns 0, the month's first day is a sunday, if it is 1, then the first day is monday, etc. The function defines variables "a", "y", and "m". Following the use of forumlas to obtain the day of the week, the function simply returns the value ranging from 0 to 6 to main. The next function is the printCalendar function. This function helps with outputting the calendar to the text file. It has parameters for the daysInMonth, dayOfWeek, month, and year. It intializes a string called "filename" and an output filestream called "outputFile." The string "filename" is then assigned to a string that follows the format "month-year.txt" and then is put as the argument for "outputFile.open()". Then, the program outputs the file's name and that it was generated to give the user confirmation. Following this, the program outputs into the file the format of the calendar header, which is the day names, and below is a series of dashed lines that separate the header of the days from the day numbers that will be outputted afterwards. MORE TO BE ADDED
